ref(issue-alert): add test notifications and preview (#5959)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/alerts/create-alerts/issue-alert-config.mdx

- Hours: 3, 12, 24
- Days: 7, 30

## Alert Preview

> Displays what issues would have triggered a rule with your current conditions and when they would have last triggered it. Previews cannot be generated for certain rule sets and previews containing issue frequency conditions will be approximated.

Reviewer: We should explain, at least at a high level, which alert rules won't generate preview.
```suggestion
The preview displays a list of issues that would have triggered the alert you've configured and when they would have last triggered it. Previews can't be generated for certain alert rules and previews containing issue frequency conditions are approximated.
```

- Hours: 3, 12, 24
- Days: 7, 30

## Alert Preview

The preview displays a list of issues that would have triggered the alert and the last time they would have triggered it.

Rules with any of following can't be previewed:
- The issue is assigned to {no one/a team/a member}.
- The event is from the latest release.
- An issue affects more than [{X} percent of sessions in {time}](#percent-based-alerts)
- No ["When" conditions](#when-conditions-triggers)

> - [Issue frequency](#change-alerts) conditions and [event filters](#if-conditions-filters) (filters that start with "The event")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both [issue frequency](#change-alerts) conditions and [event filters](#if-conditions-filters) (filters that start with "The event")
```

## Alert Preview

> The preview displays a list of issues that would have triggered the alert you've configured and when they would have last triggered it.

Reviewer: Realized I was still finding this sentence a bit hard to parse
```suggestion
The preview displays a list of issues that would have triggered the alert and the last time they would have triggered it.
```

Rules with any of following are not previewable:
- The issue is assigned to {no one/a team/a member}.
- The event is from the latest release.
- An issue affects more than [{X} percent of sessions in {time}](#percent-based-alerts)

> - No ["When" conditions](#when-conditions-triggers)

Author: sorry for the double negative lol, I mean the former

> - No ["When" conditions](#when-conditions-triggers)

Reviewer: Okay I think we can just leave it as is!
